I am the channel you said humph
The master is mysterious
I've never met my father.
How could it be you?
You don't deserve to be with him
So colorful clouds
Bring it up yeah
How do you use so much effort?
That's not possible.
Certainly not possible
Mr. Dong's family is really heroic
10,000 taels a bag of chicken essence
I bought hundreds of bags at once
1 million without blinking
I really admire the five-body cast
It's really you
How dare you lie to me about the total price?
Return the bill
You can kneel down and beg
Wang Xun, I remember you
I won't tear you to pieces
I swear not to be human
It's really MSG.
You can taste it.
Well he really is
Were you lying before?
What ingredients does he use to make it?